---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-07T04:49:44.546Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-07T04:49:44.220Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-07-427e1134-14b7-4941-ac97-9a2e2c869f24.md
published: true
url: 427e1134-14b7-4941-ac97-9a2e2c869f24/index.html
_type: Article

---
<iframe width="854" height="480" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/s75D4yQ_7-A" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="" style=""></iframe>

Some Indiana University students got a little nervous and rushed to warn others after thinking that a priest was a KKK member, The Tab in Bloomington[reported][0].

The priest was spotted at a Red Mango Monday night, leading to the campus chatter.

"IU students be careful, there's someone walking around in KKK gear with a whip," one student tweeted.

Eventually a dormitory resident assistant warned students in his building in a Facebook post. He again mentioned the "whip," which was actually rosary beads.

"Please PLEASE PLEASE be careful out there tonight, always be with someone and if you have no dire reason to be out of your building, I would recommend staying indoors if you're alone," he wrote. 

**[School Reverses PC Principal's Bans on Santa and Pledge of Allegiance][1]**

**[Professors Threaten Bad Grades for Saying 'Illegal Alien,' 'Male,' 'Female'][2]**

After a few hours, it became clear that there was no Klansman walking around and the RA wrote a second post about the mix-up.

"So what happened tonight goes like this: a person saw white robes and what looked to them like a weapon, got scared (rightfully so), warned people, warned staff, which in turn caused me to warn my residents because I need to look out for my residents, which in turn made it spread," he wrote.

And the Dominican Friars got word of the "scare" and made light of it on Twitter. 

[0]: http://thetab.com/us/indiana/2016/04/05/last-night-white-robed-priest-mistaken-armed-kkk-klansman-1804
[1]: http://insider.foxnews.com/2015/12/14/pc-principal-bans-santa-thanksgiving-and-pledge-allegiance
[2]: http://insider.foxnews.com/2015/08/31/washington-state-university-professors-threaten-bad-grades-saying-illegal-alien-male