---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-07T04:13:45.252Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-07T04:07:13.126Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-07-f44e1294-e3dc-43a4-b46a-425da71e8fba.md
published: true
url: f44e1294-e3dc-43a4-b46a-425da71e8fba/index.html
_type: Article

---
Big Brother's Jordan and Jeff Are Married, Expecting!
Us Weekly Magazine
HOME
NEWS
VIDEOS
STYLE
BEAUTY
MOMS
ENTERTAINMENT
PETS
MORE
\#JennaDewan
\#RHONY
\#RIPMerleHaggard
Kris Jenner, Kardashian Family Think Rob Kardashian Is 'Making a Mistake' With His Engagement to Blac Chyna
Big Brother's Jordan Lloyd Is Pregnant --- and Married to Jeff Schroeder
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric --- See the Photo!
'The Real Housewives of New York City' Season 8 Premiere Recap: Bethenny Frankel Insults Jules Wainstein's Size
'American Idol' Recap: The Final Two Contestants Are Revealed
Rob Kardashian Reveals His Weight, Enlists Fiancee Blac Chyna as His Trainer
Merle Haggard's Son Ben Haggard Posts Heartbreaking Photo Mourning His Father: 'He Was the Best Country Singer That Ever Lived'
Miley Cyrus, Adam Levine Butt Heads on Set of 'The Voice'
EXCLUSIVE
Big Brother's Jordan Lloyd Is Pregnant --- and Married to Jeff Schroeder
April 6, 2016 @ 6:18 PM
By Cara Sprunk
Jeff Schroeder and Jordan Lloyd Credit: Louis Martinez
Congratulations all around! Reality TV couple extraordinaire Jeff Schroeder and Jordan Lloyd exclusively tell Us Weekly that they quietly married last month, weeks after finding out they are expecting!
PHOTOS: Famous Celebrity Pregnancies: Baby Bump Hall of Fame
 The couple --- who have appeared on Big Brother, The Amazing Race and Marriage Boot Camp --- were planning a wedding in Mexico for September 24, but their plans abruptly changed when Lloyd found out she was pregnant on February 22\.
"I was not expecting it!" the 29-year-old exclusively tells Us. "My mind was completely on wedding mode and not on baby mode --- was not expecting babies for like another two years, and, yeah, so then that's what happened."
PHOTOS: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV
"It definitely threw us through a loop, and we were kind of like, 'Well, we need to figure this out, because the baby is going to be born October 20,' and I don't want to be walking down the aisle nine months pregnant, and my dress won't fit," the Big Brother season 11 winner says. 
"I said, 'Why don't we go on ahead and go to the courthouse, and make it legal?'" she continues. "And I'm more traditional anyway, so I was like, 'I want our baby to have our same last name on the birth certificate too.' So I was like, 'Let's just go on ahead and get married, and then we'll have the baby, and then next year we'll have a wedding ceremony with all of our friends.'"
Jeff Schroeder and Jordan Lloyd attend BODY at ESPYs at Milk Studios on July 14, 2015\.
Jeff Schroeder and Jordan Lloyd attend BODY at ESPYs at Milk Studios on July 14, 2015\. Michael Kovac/Getty Images for ESPN
On the first available date at the courthouse --- March 15 --- the two, who got engaged on season 16 of Big Brother in 2014, headed to the Beverly Hills courthouse to tie the knot with a handful of friends as their witnesses.
"It actually was pretty nice," Schroeder says. "I wore my tuxedo that I wore to Lance Bass' wedding, so I had that in the closet to wear; Jordan wore a cute little wedding dress, and afterward, we were like movie stars. We went to the Beverly Hills Hotel and had lunch, and then, at night, we went and got massages, and then we went to Mastro's in Malibu for dinner. We lived the life that day."
They still have another big milestone to celebrate next week, when they find out the gender of the baby.
"I hope it's a girl! That's all I want, is a healthy girl," Lloyd tells Us. "I'm around guys all the time!"
Learning the gender of their baby will give them something to celebrate, since the newlyweds had to cancel on a Dirty Pop at Sea cruise in the Caribbean that they were planning on for next week.
Jeff Schroeder proposes to his girlfriend Jordan Lloyd, at the BIG BROTHER house, in 2014\.
Jeff Schroeder proposes to his girlfriend Jordan Lloyd, at the BIG BROTHER house, in 2014\. Lisette M. Azar/CBS via Getty Images
PHOTOS: Celebrity Pregnancies
"We were supposed to go on this cruise with Lance Bass, and we were supposed to leave Saturday, and that was kind of a babymoon for us, but we can't go now because of the Zika virus," Schroeder explains.
"The doctor was like, 'It's not a good idea,'" Lloyd adds. "It's not worth risking the health of the baby for a week of fun."
The virus, which has been spreading around the world since the first confirmed infection in Brazil, has been linked to a birth defect of the brain called microcephaly.
To see more about Jeff and Jordan's pregnancy experience, check out their YouTube channel. 
Can't get enough of Us? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter packed with the latest celeb news, hot pics and more!
FEATURED NEWS from Around the Web
Kate Middleton Is Rumored to Be Pregnant With Her Third Baby (Again)
Kate Middleton Is Rumored to Be Pregnant With Her Third Baby (Again)
Kourtney Kardashian's Healthy Morning Habit Is All Sorts of Gross
Kourtney Kardashian's Healthy Morning Habit Is All Sorts of Gross
More News From The Stir
Dueling Designer Duds: Who Wore It Better Kat Graham or Chloe Grace Moretz?!
Dueling Designer Duds: Who Wore It Better Kat Graham or Chloe Grace Moretz?!
Kendra Wilkinson Reveals What She'd Say to Holly Madison If They Ever Met Face to Face
Kendra Wilkinson Reveals What She'd Say to Holly Madison If They Ever Met Face to Face
More News From Too Fab
TV RECAP
'The Real Housewives of New York City' Season 8 Premiere Recap: Bethenny Frankel Insults Jules Wainstein's Size
April 6, 2016 @ 8:09 PM
By Elizabeth Durand Streisand
0:16
/
2:01
Welcome (back) to New York! On Wednesday, April 6, the season 8 premiere of The Real Housewives of New York City started strong. While there were no explosions to put out just yet, plenty of the ladies were already kindling some flames. Hot topics ranged from Dorinda Medley's still-highly disliked boyfriend John to Sonja Morgan's heavy drinking to newbie Julianne "Jules" Wainstein's weight. Basically, no one was safe.
PHOTOS: Former Real Housewives Stars
Bethenny and Ramona Think Sonja Is a Lush
Both fresh off their former relationships, it seemed Bethenny Frankel and Ramona Singer were each ready to embrace the dating scene, though their approaches seemed very different. It's also worth mentioning that Ramona settled her split in a matter of months (she kept both the city apartment and Hamptons abode), while Bethenny's was dragging on. They met up for lunch to swap notes.
"She's got some new titties," Bethenny said of Ramona. "She's got some new clothes. It's hunting season." (Luann de Lesseps also seemed to be on a bit of a dating tear as she came into the city to stay overnight with Sonja but reported that she would actually be going on a date that night as well. Sonja's only comment was that Luann couldn't have sex in her daughter's bed, which seemed reasonable enough.)
PHOTOS: Real Housewives' Bikini Bodies
As for herself, Bethenny claimed she hadn't had sex "in a long time." When Ramona asked if she meant a whole month, Bethenny recoiled. Apparently, it had been much longer than that. It seemed that logistics were the main issue preventing Bethenny from hopping back in the sheets.
"When you're in your 40s, dating is much more difficult. I don't want anyone in my bed because then I have to get them out, and I have no interest in sleeping somewhere else," she explained to the camera in her special Bethenny way. "When you're 20, you don't care about having your underwear in a brown paper bag and running across town in a taxi. Now I don't want someone past my doorman."
PHOTOS: Real Housewives' Plastic Surgery: See Their Before and After Pictures!
Then the discussion turned to Sonja Morgan. Ramona claimed Sonja drinks too much and is "too frisky" with men, so she stopped hanging out with her. Bethenny then made a similar comment about Dorinda, saying she turned into "crazy late-night mercurial" Dorinda who drinks too much when she is with John.
"I have to ignore certain things about John, just the way Dorinda does," Ramona quipped. Bethenny agreed that Dorinda knew what kind of man John was and that it "makes her self-conscious." In other words, no one likes John.
John Is Moving In
To clarify, no one likes John ... except Dorinda. In fact, Dorinda liked him enough that she was planning to have him move in as soon as her daughter, Hannah (who also doesn't like John), moved out. John looked like a kid in a candy store discussing his imminent relocation, but Dorinda seemed a bit unsettled. To be fair though, John was basically undressing her at the dinner table while they discussed it, so that could have contributed to her discomfort.
She admitted that despite her hopes, there "certainly hasn't been a meeting of the minds" in terms of John and her daughter's relationship, but reasoned that it was simply a "natural progression" for Hannah to move out and for him to move in. It wasn't exactly a cheer of enthusiasm, but she seemed resigned to her fate.
Carole and Adam Are Still Going Strong
In a surprising update, Carole Radziwill and her boyfriend Adam were still together and about to celebrate their one-year anniversary. No one, including Carole, thought they would last that long. What's more, the free-spirited author admitted she had been "nesting" and had recently gotten a puppy, which she named Baby. (No comment.)
The lovebirds were about to face a new challenge, however, as Adam was preparing to leave for his first major international trip since they started dating. He was going to Ethiopia, and for unspecified reasons, Carole was staying home. She admitted she was going to miss him, but at least she had the baby to keep her company. We mean the dog --- the dog to keep her company.
Cast of Real Housewives of New York
Cast of Real Housewives of New York Mathieu Young/Heidi Gutman/Bravo
Skinnygirl or Too Skinny, Girl
Dorinda, John, Bethenny, her date (also named John), newbie Housewife Jules and Jules' husband, Michael, all met up for brunch. After exchanging some pleasantries about dry cleaning and how being a mom is the hardest job in the world, Bethenny brought up some incident that happened over the summer in the Hamptons that involved Dorinda and John being extremely wasted.
For her part, Dorinda was not amused, arguing that what happens in the Hamptons, stays in the Hamptons. Meanwhile, John seemed to be annoying just about everyone at the table with his terrible, repeated jokes. After politely nodding as John grilled her about whether she had fiber-coated the fabrics in her new apartment, Bethenny turned to Dorinda and quietly commented that she thought Jules was far too skinny. Dorinda seemed to agree, though she didn't say much.
"She looks like a really thin girl --- like, she looks like there is an issue," Bethenny said to the camera. "I wrote a book called naturally thin. This is not naturally thin. It's the kind of thin that makes people around you uncomfortable. I never had an eating disorder. I had a mother who had an eating disorder, and I've been around it, and I understand it." Though Jules didn't hear any of Bethenny's comments to Dorinda (or the cameras, obviously), it seems highly unlikely the season will play out without her catching wind of them.
Tell Us: Do you think Bethenny is right to imply that Jules has an eating disorder?
The Real Housewives of New York City airs on Bravo Wednesdays at 9 p.m. ET. 
Can't get enough of Us? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter packed with the latest celeb news, hot pics and more!
RELATED
Real Housewives of New York City's Carole Radziwill on Why 'Things Didn't End Well' With Luann de Lesseps and Their Blowout ArgumentsCarole Radziwill on Which RHONY Costar She'll 'Never See Eye to Eye' With
'Real Housewives of New York' Stars Reveal Their New Season 8 Taglines! Ramonja Is Back and Having a Lovefest on the Red Carpet 
FEATURED NEWS from Around the Web
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
More News From Pop Sugar
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Weighing In Amid Engagement News Leads Today's Star Sightings
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Weighing In Amid Engagement News Leads Today's Star Sightings
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric and More Celebrity News
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric and More Celebrity News
More News From Celebuzz
CELEBRITY SLIMDOWN
Rob Kardashian Reveals His Weight, Enlists Fiancee Blac Chyna as His Trainer
April 6, 2016 @ 7:51 PM
By Sierra Marquina
Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian Credit: Prince Williams/WireImage
Day one! Rob Kardashian has enlisted his fiancée, Blac Chyna, to help him reach his goal weight by her 28th birthday on May 11\.
PHOTOS: Rob Kardashian Through the Years: Reality TV Star to Arthur George Sock Designer
In a series of Snapchat videos taken by Chyna, the formerly reclusive reality personality reveals his current and goal weight.
"I'm gonna start training him myself," Chyna can be heard saying in a video of 29-year-old Kardashian stepping onto a scale which reads 248.4 pounds. In another Snapchat video, the 27-year-old model has her husband-to-be give his consent to reveal how much he currently weighs.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Weight Loss: Stars Who Have Been Spokespeople for Diet Programs
"I weigh 250 pounds and I'm 6-foot-1," the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star tells the camera. 
Rob Kardashian Courtesy of Blac Cyna/Snapchat
After he reveals his goal weight of "210 or 200," his fiancee replies: "I think that's perfect."
Play Video
Play
0:00
/
1:09
Fullscreen
Share
"Do you give me permission to train you for the next five weeks?" she later asks her man before having him get on a treadmill and start running.
Rob Kardashian on a scale Courtesy of Blac Cyna/Snapchat
As previously reported by Us Weekly, Kardashian has lost 65 pounds since gaining 100 pounds over the course of three years. The makeup artist is credited with helping get the Arthur George sock designer out of his funk. When they first revealed their relationship in January, Chyna hired an online personal trainer and chef for the star. She revealed on Tuesday, April 5, that Kardashian had proposed with a 7-carat ring. 
Rob Kardashian
Rob Kardashian Courtesy of Blac Cyna/Snapchat
Chyna's rep told Us that she plans on taking Kardashian's last name and going by Angela Kardashian. According to sources, Kardashian's famous clan thinks he's 'making a mistake' by marrying her. 
PHOTOS: Celebrity Engagement Rings of 2016
Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter!
RELATED
Kris Jenner Stays Warm in a Massive Purple Fur Coat During Colorado Ski TripHow Kris Jenner Is Keeping Warm During a Colorado Ski Trip
Kris Jenner, Kardashian Family Think Rob Is 'Making a Mistake' With Blac Chyna Engagement PICS: Kardashian-Jenner Clan Go Skiing Without Newly Engaged Rob 
FEATURED NEWS from Around the Web
Henry Cavill Launches Huawei P9 Smartphone in London
Henry Cavill Launches Huawei P9 Smartphone in London
Jaden Smith Kisses Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Before Parting Ways
Jaden Smith Kisses Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Before Parting Ways
More News From Just Jared
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
More News From Pop Sugar
TV RECAP
'American Idol' Recap: The Final Two Contestants Are Revealed
April 6, 2016 @ 7:33 PM
By Mehera Bonner
Trent Harmon, La'Porsha Renae and Dalton Rapattoni on American Idol. Credit: Michael Becker/Fox
The final three are in it to win it! American Idol aired its penultimate episode on Wednesday, April 6, giving season 15's Trent Harmon, La'Porsha Renae and Dalton Rapattoni one last opportunity to earn votes from viewers. Get a recap of their final moments in the spotlight before Thursday's epic series finale. 
PHOTOS: American Idol's Most Shocking Eliminations Ever!
Also, can we all agree that the clear winner of this show is Ryan Seacrest? He's the biggest American Idol of all time, tbh.
The Singles
The final three kicked things off by singing their debut singles, all of which slayed. Trent straight-up serenaded the crowd with "Falling," a Marvin Gaye-esque power balled brimming with soul. Tragically, he wasn't wearing a giant hat during the performance (where is your hat, Trent?!), but it still ruled. 
Play Video
Play
0:00
/
1:49
Fullscreen
Share
Meanwhile, Dalton sang his single, "Strike a Match" (which was just about as emo and pop-punk as you'd expect), and La'Porsha dropped "Battles," which was basically the most inspiring thing that's happened ever. La'Porsha for president, to be honest.
PHOTOS: American Idol Winners
The Final Two
Only two people can head into American Idol's finale, which means one of the final three was sent packing. La'Porsha's name was called first (uh-duh) followed by Trent's, which means poor Dalton was sent home. His simple parting words? "It's been amazing." 
Keith Urban, Jennifer Lopez, Harry Connick Jr., Ryan Seacrest
Urban, Lopez, Connick Jr., Seacrest on American Idol Fox
Simon Fuller's Choice
American Idol creator Simon Fuller picked songs for the final two contestants to belt out, and --- as expected --- they both killed it. Trent gave a solid performance of "If You Don't Know Me By Now" by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes, which Jennifer Lopez called "amazing" and Keith Urban pretty much couldn't stop fan-boying over. But stop everything because La'Porsha's rendition of "A House Is Not a Home" by Luther Vandross was simply gorgeous --- even more gorgeous than Seacrest's hair. "Emotionally, I loved it," Harry Connick Jr. gushed, while Jennifer Lopez readily admitted that La'Porsha won the round.
PHOTOS: Amazing American Idol Makeovers!
Contestant's Choice
The contestants are taking the reins! Trent sang "Chandelier" by Sia as his final song of the night, and it was even better than the first time he performed it. "That was really, really strong, and you should be very proud of yourself," Connick said, while Lopez mused, "It is up to America now, but honestly you could not have sang that more beautifully, better. You deserve to win. You do." It should be noted that Trent wasn't wearing a black-and-white wig during his performance, but we'll forgive him.
So, what did La'Porsha bring to the table? "Diamonds" by Rihanna (which was cowritten by Sia!), and yes --- it was insanely good, and she got a standing ovation. Of course, it helped that La'Porsha revealed that she was singing to her baby while saying "you and I." 
Is it lame to say La'Porsha and Trent both shine bright like diamonds? 'Cause they do.
Tell Us: Who do you think will be the 15th American Idol winner?
The American Idol series finale airs on Fox Thursday, April 7, at 8 p.m. ET.
Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
RELATED
Diddy Reveals How His Girlfriend Cassie Reacted to His Reunion With Jennifer Lopez: 'She Had Some Questions'Diddy: My GF Cassie 'Had Some Questions' About My J. Lo Reunion
'American Idol' Recap: Find Out Who Made the Final Three! J. Lo Thinks She Looks 'Chunky' in This Selfie 
FEATURED NEWS from Around the Web
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Weighing In Amid Engagement News Leads Today's Star Sightings
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Weighing In Amid Engagement News Leads Today's Star Sightings
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric and More Celebrity News
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric and More Celebrity News
More News From Celebuzz
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
More News From Pop Sugar
MOMS
Drew Barrymore Bonds With Daughter Olive During Yoga After Splitting From Will Kopelman --- See the Cute Photo
April 6, 2016 @ 6:58 PM
By Sierra Marquina
Drew Barrymore
Drew Barrymore and Olive Courtesy of Drew Barrymore/Instagram
Namaste! Drew Barrymore bonded with her adorable daughter Olive on Wednesday, April 6\. The E.T. actress, who recently separated from her husband, Will Kopelman, did mother-daughter yoga with the couple's eldest child, who opted to dress up like Elsa from Frozen for the activity.
PHOTOS: Drew Barrymore's Happy Family
"Princess Elsa came to our mother daughter yoga class. \#magicdays \#iloveolive," Barrymore, who is also mom to daughter Frankie, 23 months, captioned the adorable moment.
A source reveals in the new issue of Us Weekly that Barrymore and Kopelman's decision to separate has been devastating for the actress, who was briefly previously married to Jeremy Thomas and Tom Green. 
Play Video
Play
0:00
/
1:06
Fullscreen
Share
"She feels like a failure," the insider tells Us of the Wildflower author, while another adds that Barrymore is "disappointed" things didn't work out.
PHOTOS: Hollywood's Most Expensive Divorces
Although the actress and Kopelman are no longer together, she'll forever cherish time with their daughters.
"Sadly our family is separating legally, although we do not feel this takes away from us being a family," the exes told Us in a statement Monday. "Divorce might make one feel like a failure, but eventually you start to find grace in the idea that life goes on. Our children are our universe and we look forward to living the rest of our lives with them as the first priority."
Pick up the latest issue of Us Weekly for more on their shocking split. 
PHOTOS: Celebrity Splits of 2015
Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter!
RELATED
Drew Barrymore's Split From Will Kopelman Makes Her 'Feel Like a Failure'Drew Barrymore's Split Makes Her 'Feel Like a Failure'
Cameron Talks About Supporting Pals After Drew's Split: 'We Rely on Each Other' Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman Address Their Divorce in Statement 
FEATURED NEWS from Around the Web
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Weighing In Amid Engagement News Leads Today's Star Sightings
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Weighing In Amid Engagement News Leads Today's Star Sightings
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric and More Celebrity News
Jenna Dewan Tatum Responds Perfectly to Drake's 'Chaining Tatum' Lyric and More Celebrity News
More News From Celebuzz
Henry Cavill Launches Huawei P9 Smartphone in London
Henry Cavill Launches Huawei P9 Smartphone in London
Jaden Smith Kisses Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Before Parting Ways
Jaden Smith Kisses Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Before Parting Ways
More News From Just Jared
ENTERTAINMENT
Menendez Brothers to Be Subject of NBC's New 'Law & Order' Anthology Series
April 6, 2016 @ 6:43 PM
By Joyce Chen
Erik Menendez and his brother Lyle are pictured, on August 12, 1991 in Beverly Hills. Credit: MIKE NELSON/AFP/Getty Images
Call it a different kind of reality TV. Erik and Lyle Menendez, the two brothers who brutally murdered their parents in 1989, will be the subject of the first season of a forthcoming NBC series Law & Order: True Crime, the network announced Wednesday, April 6\.
The brothers, who were 18 and 21 at the time of the crime, gunned down their parents --- entertainment executive Jose Menendez and his wife Kitty Menendez --- in their Beverly Hills home back in August 1989\.
PHOTOS: Stars at Court
They were arrested six months later, and their trial made headlines when it was broadcast on Court TV in 1993\. Their defense attorney, Leslie Abramson, memorably spun a narrative in which the brothers were acting in self-defense against two allegedly abusive parental figures.
Ultimately, however, the pair's criminal record discredited Abramson's claims.
The jury found them guilty of murder, and both men were sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in 1996\.
PHOTOS: Reality TV Tragedies: The Saddest and Most Shocking Deaths
According to The Hollywood Reporter, the brothers' exploits will be retold across eight episodes of Law & Order: True Crime, and will be produced by Dick Wolf, who has previously helmed such popular franchises as Chicago and Law & Order.
"We've been talking with Dick about how to create an event series coming out of the Law & Order ripped-from-the-headlines brand," NBC Entertainment president Jennifer Salke said in a statement on Wednesday, April 6\. "This case captured the public's attention like nothing before it as it examined taboo issues such as patricide and matricide in gruesome detail, all against a backdrop of privilege and wealth. We will recreate the cultural and societal surroundings of both the murders and trials when people were not only obsessed with the case but examining how and why these brothers committed these heinous crimes."
PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots
The Menendez brothers' story was also previously used as the inspiration for a 1994 TV movie starring Edward James Olmos and Beverly D'Angelo as their ill-fated parents.
Other true crime series, such as FX's American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson, have been met with overwhelming success.
Can't get enough of Us? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter packed with the latest celeb news, hot pics and more!
FEATURED NEWS from Around the Web
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell Play Up Their Offscreen Chemistry on the Red Carpet
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
Kate Middleton and Prince William Make a Stunning Appearance Ahead of Their Indian Tour
More News From Pop Sugar
Henry Cavill Launches Huawei P9 Smartphone in London
Henry Cavill Launches Huawei P9 Smartphone in London
Jaden Smith Kisses Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Before Parting Ways
Jaden Smith Kisses Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Before Parting Ways
More News From Just Jared
NEWS
Charlie Sheen Under Criminal Investigation for Reportedly Threatening His Ex-Girlfriend Brett Rossi: Details
April 6, 2016 @ 6:41 PM
By Sierra Marquina
Charlie Sheen Credit: Michael Tran/FilmMagic
Charlie Sheen is under investigation by the Los Angeles Police Department after he allegedly threatened his ex Brett Rossi, Entertainment Tonight reports. 
PHOTOS: Celebrity Feuds: The Biggest Ever!
LAPD officer Matthew Ludwig confirmed to Us Weekly that on March 31 around 3 p.m. PT, Van Nuys officers "completed an investigative report where Mr. Charlie Sheen is listed as a suspect." Lugwig added that the threat management unit is leading the investigation.
Because the case is ongoing, Ludwig could not release further information.
Rossi and Sheen dated for more than year before splitting in October 2014\. 
PHOTOS: Stars at Court
Charlie Sheen and Brett Rossi
Charlie Sheen and Brett Rossi attend the Joe Carter Classic Charity Golf Tournament after-party at Shangri-La Hotel on June 26, 2014 George Pimentel/WireImage
Rossi's lawyer, John C. Taylor, confirmed to Entertainment Tonight that the investigation involves her.
"She takes this very seriously," Taylor told ET, confirming that Rossi filed for a restraining order from the Two and a Half Men alum. "She intends to do everything she can to protect herself."
As previously reported, Rossi filed a lawsuit against the actor in December 2015 for assault and battery, emotional distress, false imprisonment and negligence. Her filing came after Sheen revealed in November that he was diagnosed as HIV-positive.
PHOTOS: Biggest Celebrity Meltdowns Ever!
Us Weekly has reached out to Sheen's rep and lawyer for comment. 
Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter!
RELATED
Biggest Celebrity Meltdowns Ever!Biggest Celebrity Meltdowns Ever!
Charlie Sheen, Whoopi Goldberg to Costar in 9/11 Movie How Is Charlie Sheen's HIV Revelation Saving Lives?
SIGN UP FOR THE US WEEKLY NEWSLETTER!
You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities!
Enter your email address
SUBMIT
Subscribe
Digital Issue
Give a Gift
(c) Us Weekly 2016Privacy PolicyYour Privacy RightsYour Ad ChoicesData PolicyTerms of UseContact UsFAQSitemap